Minutes from AGM 07.07.2023
1.	Apologies – Mighty Dockers, Billy Whizz, Barry Park B, Hairy Lemons, Posties, Tynny Lads.
2.	Chairmans Report given verbally
3.	Treasurers Report given verbally and copy of spreadsheet issued on evening. 
4.	Matters arising
i)	Amendment to rule 19 – start times.
Proposal received for start times to now be 8pm. – Vote was Yes. 
After the outcome of this vote a further vote to determine if this rule should remain in place for the next 4 seasons? – Vote was No.
Vote was Yes or No for each element. 
ii)	Addition to Rules. 
Rule 35 be added – Sticker Up Fees. 
Proposal that Rule be made that Sticker Up Fees are now to be no less than £20.00.
If voted yes then this would mean amendment to General Rule 3 (Cup Rule) that sticker up fees would now be no less than £10.00 per team.
Vote Yes or No – Vote was Yes.
5.	Following a season of transition in the wake of Covid Restrictions all Rules to be stringently followed. Particular reminders for the following Rules. 
i)	Rule 24
Home team to roll first, supply sticker-up and submit completed score card to League Secretary. Score card must be received by Saturday of the same week. Late submission of cards will result in a fine.
ii)	Rule 27 
Any team who cannot fulfil their weekly fixture must give the League Secretary and the opposing team Secretary three days’ notice. Failure to do so will result in loss of points, plus a fine. The re-scheduled match should be played within one month (where the time frame allows) or the League Committee will fix date of play. All first half season matches must be played before the turnaround of fixtures. All second half of the season matches must be played by the end of the designated last week of the league season.
iii)	Rule 29
All teams to be represented at League Meetings by team Secretary or a delegate. Any player officially attending the meeting will be allowed to join in a skittles match scheduled to take place at the same time as the meeting, no matter what stage the game has reached.
6.	Election of Officers – 
President - Remains vacant
Vice President – Remains vacant
Chairman – S Jones
Treasurer – S Davies
Secretary – J Gee
General Committee Members – M Elliot, A Payne, A Collins, T Morris, I Draisey.
Next Meeting - Wednesday 23 August 7pm Libs
