Minutes 20 August 2025
1. Apologies – Bluebirds
2. Non Attendance – Mighty Dockers, West End Rangers, Billy Bluebirds, Park Dragons, British Rail. 
3. Chairman stated last Meeting was A.G.M Minutes on website and have been issued to all by email. 
4. Team sheets, fixtures and scorecards issued. It was pointed out that each scorecard still includes the team names and date of the fixture. Please use the correct cards for your matches. They have a match number on them which makes them easier for entry onto the website. 
5. £100.00 in unclaimed prize money from the presentation. This will now be donated to charity. Secretary proposed Holm Towers as charity as historically we have always made a donation be it from donated cup winnings or unclaimed prize money, and maybe the league could match the amount that’s been unclaimed from our pot with agreement from the floor? No other proposals from the floor and Secretaries proposal passed - £200.00 to be donated to Holm Towers.  
6. Reminder as per the AGM, via email and in the Whatsapp group there is now a £5.00 fine for missing the 4 nominated meetings which will be added to your entry fee for the 2026/2027 season.
The four meeting dates are as follows. 
20 August 2025 (tonight)
10 December 2025
13 May 2026
AGM – Date to be fixed.
7. Honorariums – The Committee remain happy with the amounts they receive. John Williams was asked to leave the room for 5 minutes for the committee to make a proposal with regards to the work done on the website. Floor proposed an increase to the fees for John Williams together with a ‘Thank you’ one off payment which was passed.    
8. AOB – Secretary reminded everyone of the rules for this years Holm Tower Cup (Nomination). Every ball thrown you must Nominate the pin you aim to hit. That pin must be hit as first contact. In the event of a spare only pins that have been knocked down by a nominated ball are put back up for the last ball (spare ball).
As an example: 
Ball one – Front pin nominated, Right Quarter hit and takes 7 pins.
Ball two – Left Quarter nominated, Left Quarter hit and takes the remaining 2 pins.
Ball three – Only the Left Quarter and the pin it hit go back up. 
9. Committee wished everyone good luck for the coming season and hope we all keep playing the game in the correct spirit. 
10. Next meeting Wednesday 10 December 7pm Libs.
