Minutes from AGM 22.07.2022

Chairman reminded floor that registration forms are now due.
Chairman informed floor Fees for registration are £100.00

1.	Apologies – 49ers, BT Nuts, Witchill Poachers
2.	Chairmans Report given verbally
3.	Treasurers Report given verbally and copy of spreadsheet issued on evening. 
4.	Matters arising –
	i) start times – 
	a) proposal received for each team to have their own individual start time of 19:30, 19:45, 20:00, 20:15.
	
	Vote is Yes or No. if yes no further business re start times. If no proposal B to be voted on.
	Vote was NO 
	
	b) start time to ether remain at 19:30 as per covid restrictions or revert back to 20:15. 
	
	Vote is 19:30 or 20:00
	Vote was start times to remain 19:30
	
	ii) spare player rule - request for spare player(s) (max 2) with the lowest score(s) each roll will roll again.
	
	Vote is spare player rule remains as lowest score(s)each roll are added again or player(s) with the lowest score each roll will roll again.
	Vote was player(s) (max 2) with the lowest score each roll will roll again if three or more players short then the scores for players 3, 4 etc will be recorded as 0.
	
	iii) As the matter of the spare player is raised annually request is made for this not to be allowed to be voted upon again for the next 5 years. 
	
	Vote is Yes or No. 
	Vote was Yes. Can not be voted upon again for the next 5 years.
	
	iv)  Which charity do we wish to donate to this year? 
	Recommendations to be brought to the next meeting and voted upon then. 
	
	iv) Monthly meetings be abolished, any matters arising be referred to committee.
	Agreed for meetings to be reduced and any matters arising be referred to committee – Dates are to be determined by League Secretary but will be beginning of season, start of December, start of January, end of season. 

5.	Election of Officers 
	President remains vacant
	Vice President remains vacant
	S Jones Chairman 
	S Davies Treasurer 
	J Gee Secretary 
	M Elliot, A Payne, A Collins, T Morris, I Draisey, Committee Members 

Next meeting – Wednesday 24th August 7pm Libs
