Barry & District Male Skittles League Rules
Updated July 2023
The following contains the league rules as at 08 July 2023 and is the updated version of the 2011 Rule Book, which is subject to the adjustments and amendments agreed at the subsequent Annual General Meetings.
1.	The League be named the “Barry & District Male Skittles League” and be open for membership to skittles teams within a radius of seven miles of headquarters.
2.	The Management of the League shall be vested in the following officers: President, Chairman, Vice-Chairman, Vice-Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Executive Committee and one representative from each team.
3.	All officers and committeemen to be elected annually. Re-elections for the following season are permitted. 
4.	The Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the League to be held on a date decided by the Secretary. 
5.	The Chairman, Vice-Chairman & Secretary shall, where possible, be elected from members who have had previous experience on the League Committee.
6.	Annual Fees for each team to be set at the AGM. These fees to be paid within one month after first League match takes place.
7.	Committee meetings to be held at headquarters, as set by the secretary. 
8.	Team members will be registered upon their name appearing on a score card provided they have not played for another League Team during that season. 
9.	The object of the League shall be to play home and away matches. Two points for a win, one each for a draw. Promotion of two teams up and two teams down from each Division with further changes for balancing of Divisions as decided by the Secretary. 
10.	Promotions and relegations to be decided by rolls if teams have an equal number of points. Then by head to head results, head to head rolls and finally a playoff if required. 
11.	Teams must only play registered members in League and Cup Matches. Infringement of this rule must be reported to the Committee who will impose a fine and loss of points. Members to play in one League team only. 
12.	Members transferring to another team must have been removed from the list of their previous team by request to the League Secretary.
13.	Referees shall not be appointed for any league match without special permission from the Committee.
14.	No one under the age of eighteen is eligible for membership. 
15.	Each member shall endeavour to enhance the game of skittles by conducting himself in a gentlemanly and sportsman-like manner. Captains must report misconduct by any member to the Committee. 
16.	Protests in connection with league matches must be in the hands of the League Secretary within three days of the match in question. 
17.	The funds of the League shall be managed by the League Treasurer. 
18.	A match shall consist of twelve players on each side when fully represented but no minimum number of players is required for the game to commence. In the event of a team not having the full compliment of players, a maximum of two players with the lowest score in each roll will roll again. If three or more players short then the scores for players 3, 4 etc will be recorded as 0.
19.	All league matches to commence at 20:00 but may start earlier if Captains agree. After 20:10 under the ten minute rule, the away side can start the game. Any player not present at the start of the match must roll before the commencement of the third roll of the team rolling first. 
20.	No more than six balls allowed in the chute at any match. The home side can supply six balls, if the away side bring their own, theirs and three home balls be allowed. The maximum size of such balls to be 5 inches and not less than 4 ½ inches diameter. Each ball to be round. Captains to inspect balls in chute. 
21.	Each player to play 5 rolls (15 balls). If a player has requested to take their rolls in order to leave early, this can only be permitted after the visitors second roll, unless otherwise agreed by the Captains. The player must have free and unobstructed use of the alley. 
22.	Captains will be in charge of the teams and the matches in general. Where disputes cannot be resolved between the Captains, the score card should be submitted unsigned in order to alert the League Secretary to the existence of a problem. 
23.	All alleys to be flat (not fish-back) and may be visited by League Officials, who may ask that alterations be made before the commencement of the playing season. 
24.	Home team to roll first, supply sticker-up and submit completed score card to League Secretary. Score card must be received by Saturday of the same week. Late submission of cards will result in a fine. 
25.	Where teams drop out of the League before completing the first half of the season, all points gained by playing that team will be lost. Where teams drop out in the second half of the season, points gained in the completed first half of the season will stand, but points gained in the incomplete second half of the season will be lost. 
26.	The front pin must have one black and white band and the front two quarter pins must have two black and white bands. Only bottle pins to be used in League and Cup matches. Only standard size pins to be used. Teams using unauthorised pins to be reported to the League Secretary. 
27.	Any team who cannot fulfil their weekly fixture must give the League Secretary and the opposing team Secretary three days’ notice. Failure to do so will result in loss of points, plus a fine. The re-scheduled match should be played within one month (where the time frame allows) or the League Committee will fix date of play. All first half season matches must be played before the turnaround of fixtures. All second half of the season matches must be played by the end of the designated last week of the league season.
28.	Any suggestion or alteration of any General Rules to be in the hands of the Secretary, 7 clear days (in writing) prior to the AGM.
29.	All teams to be represented at League Meetings by team Secretary or a delegate. Any player officially attending the meeting will be allowed to join in a skittles match scheduled to take place at the same time as the meeting, no matter what stage the game has reached. 
30.	The Secretary may call an additional Executive meeting as necessary. 
31.	Trophies to be returned by 30th April each year. Teams not returning a trophy will be charged the cost of the replacement. 
32.	If any pin is moved when struck and remains vertical on playing surface, the pin is still playable.
33.	Anything not provided for in these rules will be dealt with by the League Committee.
34.	Trophies and cash prizes must be collected at the League’s Annual Presentation event. If no team member can be present to collect a prize, a pre-arranged representative can be nominated. Any cash not collected at the Presentation event will be donated to charity. 
35.	Sticker up fees not to be less than £20.00 per league fixture payable by the Home team. 
36.	

GENERAL RULES APPLIED TO ALL CUP COMPETITIONS
1.	All byes to take place in the first round. 
2.	The Allform Cup will be played on the alleys of the first team drawn, if possible. The Holme Towers Shield will be played on neutral alleys. The Secretary will decide on alleys for all remaining games, including semi finals and finals. 
3.	Sticker up fees not to be less than £10.00 per team. 
4.	All teams playing on a neutral alley shall only use the balls provided for them by that alley. 
5.	In the event of a draw, the two teams to play extra rolls until the match is decided. 
6.	A referee must be appointed, if requested, by any team. 
7.	Matches to be played on the night set by the League Secretary. Teams failing to keep the fixture will forfeit the match and still be liable for their share of the sticker up fee. The winning team must notify the League Secretary by the Saturday of that week or lose their place in the next round.
8.	Any player who is having their rolls and leaving early will be allowed an extra roll in case of a tie. 

